Welcome back everyone.
In this lecture we're gonna go have a quick overview of the panel's exercises for the section the course
in the very next lecture.
We'll walk through the solutions.
Let's take a quick look at the exercise.
Questions.
OK.
Underneath your pen this Crash Course folder if you scroll down you should see 0 7 dash pan this exercises.
The very next notebook 0 8 are the solutions.
So go ahead and click on 0 7 first.
Open it up.
And here we have some exercises based off of a data set.
So this dataset is from a global financial stability and study so you can check it out.
We have the original source of data as well as the publication that it came from.
And basically this dataset is going to be valuable to those who seek to understand the dynamics of financial
stability within the context of several African countries.
So we also have a bullet point list here of all the column names as well as what they represent.
So you can check that out.
But basically the one thing to note here is that there's many many different possible solutions to all
these questions as long as you get the same answer that we did then your solution should be totally
ok so what we've done here is we want you to complete tasks below.
So all the tasks are in bold here and we recommend that below each task.
We have two cells one that says code here and then an empty one for many of these.
You'll notice that as you continue on you should see the expected results below.
This empty cell.
So go ahead and do not code in this empty cell.
Otherwise when you run your code you overwrite the expected output instead code where it says code here.
That way you can compare your results to the expected results.
So here we just have a series of questions for you to answer things such as in what year that can you
have its first system crises.
So keep in mind for something like this in what year that can you have as four system crises.
You could either manipulate panels enough to get the single value of the correct answer which is in
this case nineteen eighty five or you can simplify it enough so that maybe after sorting your results
in the data frame the very first row here shows you that in nineteen eighty five there was a systemic
crisis equal to one.
So again some of these results here.
It may not look like it's the singular correct answer but it does answer the question if you just take
a look at maybe the first row or something like that.
So keep that in mind technically for example for this question the correct answer is nineteen eighty
five if you want to keep filtering out the state of frame by then grabbing the year of the very first
row here.
That's OK to OK so go ahead and try your best at these various tasks and we'll see you in the next lecture
where we go over the solutions.